the first steps for anybody considering careers is to learn about themselves
you may have heard me say before the most critical thing is to
understand who you are and a lot of that you can do because you are
you know yourself pretty well what are you good at will you not good
at what's funny what he had to do intended generalizes well I'm good
at playing video games nobody will pay me to do that not a long
answer I like working with computers I like being a competition with
people like in video games I like having good close group of friends
who are interested in digital things like I am you know trying to
think of the general and then think about world induced jobs in the
field that fit me and there are jobs it will probably fit your basic
characteristics although you probably cannot get a job playing video
games you know you can find a job that fulfills the same kind of drives
that you have that make you enjoy the